Update Polkadot JS Extension section (#5142)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/general/polkadotjs.md

## Polkadot-JS Extension

The [**Polkadot-JS browser extension**](https://polkadot.js.org/extension/) is not a wallet _per se_
but an account management tool. It allows you to create accounts and also import accounts from
[**Ledger**](./ledger.md) devices or Parity Signer, allowing the signing of
[**extrinsics**](../learn/learn-extrinsics.md) using these accounts. It also allows you export
existing accounts and restore accounts (given you have the required information to restore them).

The extension is a robust key storage tool, i.e. even if you clear the cache of your browser your

> accounts will be retained. Also, the extension recognizes websites that have been flagged for malicious activity. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
accounts will be retained.  The extension will recognize any websites that have been flagged for malicious activity. 
```
